---
author: Beaumaris
categories:
- Entertainment
comment_count: 0
date: 2022-11-01 13:38:44
draft: false
image: ''
like_count: 94958
share_count: 53549
tags:
- english movie
- Pearl (2022)
title: ഷോർട്ട് ഫിലിം ഷൂട്ട് ചെയ്യാൻ പോയ സംഘത്തെ ആക്രമിച്ച പേൾ യുവതിയുടെ ഒർജിൻ സ്റ്റോറി
view_count: 2155558
---

**Pearl (2022)????????????????** ഈ വർഷം പുറത്തിറങ്ങിയ ഒരു കിടിലൻ ഹൊറർ സ്ലാഷർ സിനിമ പരിചയപ്പെടാം. ഈ വർഷമാദ്യം പുറത്തിറങ്ങിയ X(2022) എന്ന സിനിമയുടെ prequel അണ് ഈ സിനിമ. ആദ്യഭാഗത്തിൽ ഷോർട്ട് ഫിലിം ഷൂട്ട് ചെയ്യാൻ പോയ സംഘത്തെ ആക്രമിച പേൾ യുവതിയുടെ ഒർജിൻ സ്റ്റോറിയാണ് ഈ സിനിമ. ഒറ്റപ്പെട്ട ഒരു ഫാം ഹൗസിൽ രോഗിയായ അമ്മയോടും അച്ഛനോടൊപ്പം ഒറ്റയ്ക്കാണ് പേൾ താമസിക്കുന്നത്. സിനിമനടി ആകാനുള്ള ആഗ്രഹത്തിൽ പേൾ സൈക്കോ ആയിമാറിയ കഥയാണ് ഈ സിനിമ. ഹൊറർ സ്ലാഷർ സിനിമകൾ ഇഷ്ടപ്പെടുന്നവർ തീർച്ചയായും കാണുക . https://youtu.be/L5PW5r3pEOg Pearl (subtitled An X-traordinary Origin Story) is a 2022 psychological slasher film directed by Ti West, co-written by West and Mia Goth, who reprises her role as the title character, and featuring David Corenswet, Tandi Wright, Matthew Sunderland, and Emma Jenkins-Purro in supporting roles. A prequel to X (2022), and second installment overall in the X film series, it serves as an origin story for the title villain whose fervent aspiration to become a movie star led her to committing violent acts on her family's Texas homestead in 1918. Pearl had its world premiere at the 79th Venice International Film Festival on September 3, 2022, and was released in theaters in the United States on September 16, 2022, by A24. The film received positive reviews from critics who lauded Goth's performance and its homages to the films of the Golden Age of Hollywood—particularly The Wizard of Oz, The Texas Chain Saw Massacre, and Mary Poppins.Another film in the series, a sequel to X titled MaXXXine, is in production. **Plot** In 1918 during the influenza pandemic, Pearl is a young woman living with her German immigrant parents on their Texas homestead while her husband, Howard, is serving in World War I. Pearl's father is infirm and paralyzed, and her domineering mother, Ruth, insists that she help care for both him and the farm. Pearl, longing for a more exciting life, is captivated by the films she sees at the local cinema and aspires to become a chorus girl, much to Ruth's disapproval. However, Pearl also shows signs of being a disturbed individual, such as killing farm animals and physically abusing her father. At the movie theater, Pearl meets a young projectionist who takes a liking to her. While riding her bicycle home, Pearl stops along a cornfield and begins dancing with a scarecrow, fantasizing about the projectionist, and masturbates with it. When her mother counts that eight cents are missing from an errand Pearl did, she is berated about being careless and has her supper withheld. https://youtu.be/pI0IO6GXSTY Pearl's affluent sister-in-law, Mitsy, tells her of an audition being held to acquire new dancers for a traveling troupe, which Pearl envisions as a way out of her circumstance. She later sneaks out of the house at night and visits the projectionist, who shows her A Free Ride, an illicit stag film he acquired in Europe. He encourages Pearl to pursue her dreams. Pearl comments that she cannot abandon her family, and that she wishes "they would just die." When Ruth finds a program Pearl took from the movie theater, the two get into a fierce argument over dinner. A physical altercation erupts, during which Pearl shoves her mother against the kitchen hearth, igniting her dress and resulting in Ruth suffering life-threatening burns. Pearl drags Ruth into the basement and leaves her father seated in the kitchen. She flees to the movie theater, where she has sex with the projectionist. In the morning, the projectionist drives Pearl back to the farm so she can prepare for the audition. He is perturbed by a now maggot-infested roasted pig Mitsy's mother left for Ruth the day prior, and by inconsistencies Pearl has told him, as well as by her extremely theatrical behavior. When he attempts to leave, Pearl flies into a fit of rage at his abandonment of her, and stabs him to death with a pitchfork before pushing his car—with his corpse in it—into a pond, where an alligator she has nicknamed Theda eats his remains. Pearl dresses herself in one of Ruth's lavish gowns, and dresses up her father before smothering him to death. Pearl arrives at the church where the audition is being held. She gives a dance performance she feels will win over the talent scouts, but is profoundly distraught when she is rejected for not being young, blonde, or "all-American". Mitsy accompanies her home in an attempt to console her. In the kitchen, Pearl makes a lengthy confession to Mitsy about her resentment toward Howard, who came from a privileged background but insisted that the couple remain on her family's farm, and admits she was relieved when she miscarried his child. She further confesses her feelings of alienation and insecurity, her joy in acts of harm, and to taking the lives of her parents and the projectionist. Pearl then manipulates a stunned Mitsy into confessing that she won the audition over Pearl. Jealous that Mitsy won the audition, Pearl chases her down the driveway and kills her with an axe. Pearl dismembers Mitsy's body and feeds her corpse to Theda, before going into the basement and lying with a deceased Ruth. Having reached the conclusion that her mother was correct and that Pearl should "make the best of what she has", she decides to remediate her wrongdoings by creating a comfortable home for Howard when he returns from the war. The next morning, Howard arrives unexpectedly. In the kitchen, he is horrified to find the bodies of Pearl's parents seated at the dining table around the rotting pig. Pearl greets him with a protracted, pained smile, which she holds for most of the credits while she begins to cry. **Cast** Mia Goth as Pearl David Corenswet as The Projectionist Tandi Wright as Ruth Matthew Sunderland as Pearl's Father Emma Jenkins-Purro as Mitsy Alistair Sewell as Howard